---
title: "OPEN FOR REGISTRATION | TALKSHOW WHAT I TALK ABOUT WHEN I TALK ABOUT ARCHITECTURE? THE STUDY AND CAREER STORIES OF YOUNG VIETNAMESE ARCHITECTS"
publishDate: "2024-07-04T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: ""
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/06072024.png
showImage: true
---

🕰️Date & Time 8:30 AM - 11:30 AM | July 6, 2024 (Saturday)

🚙Location: B1.302, UEH Campus B, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, Ward 5 District 10, Ho Chi Minh City

🌳Registration Link: https://forms.gle/REm1XfnzySqFGzSZ7

—------------------------

The journey of studying Architecture at Harvard with a distinctive dream of misty, the pursuing of organic architecture in Vietnam, and a keen sight on the fusion of traditional and contemporary architecture. Join the Institute of Smart City and Management - University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City and partners on July 6th to unveil the study and work journey of young Vietnamese architects.

The Talk Show: What I Talk About When I Talk About Architecture? The Study and Career Stories of Young Vietnamese Architects is dedicated to the future generation, who are ready to explore the global landscape of architecture. During the event, speakers will reveal the educational and career experiences of young Vietnamese architects who have studied abroad. Participants will gain a comprehensive and practical understanding of the architectural profession in the face of unpredictable societal and environmental changes.

The events include the participation of:

**Architect Khoa Vũ: His Journey to Studying Architecture at Harvard**

Architect Khoa Vũ, a Vietnamese-American based in New York, integrates the rationality of building forms with the phenomenology of experience in his work. He holds a Master's degree in Architecture from Harvard's Graduate School of Design, where he received the Araldo Cossutta Award and the Faculty Design Award. He has worked in Japan, Switzerland, and the U.S. At Michael Maltzan Architecture, he led design teams for significant projects such as the Alexander McQueen exhibition at LACMA and a 750-seat theater in Rochester. Currently, he focuses on sustainable architecture research at OXMAN.

**Architect Vũ Tiến An: Studying Architecture in Belgium and His Experiences in Europe**

Architect Vũ Tiến An is the head of the Tad.atelier architectural design office and a lecturer at Ho Chi Minh City University of Architecture (UAH). Despite the challenges of rapid urbanization, An and his team maintain an open approach to each project. He views structures as living entities where architecture serves as a foundation, embracing human activities and allowing for necessary adjustments over time. He believes architecture can create opportunities for community interactions while maintaining essential connections between people and nature.

**Architect Huỳnh Văn Khang: Sharing His Journey and Experiences in Japan**

Dr. Huỳnh Văn Khang studied in Japan, earning his Master's and Doctoral degrees from Shiga Prefecture University. He is a member of the Japan Institute of Architects and the Architectural Institute of Japan, and he founded the Passive Design Lab (PDL) in Ho Chi Minh City. His work focuses on environmental architecture, energy efficiency, and cultural heritage preservation. By integrating natural energy sources like wind, sunlight, and heat into local contexts, his designs balance the inspiration of Japanese minimalism with the unique features of Vietnamese architecture, aiming to minimize environmental impact.

**Architect Nguyễn Khiêm: Moderator**

As a representative of the American Institute of Architects (AIA) in Vietnam since 2021, Architect Nguyễn Khiêm has organized and curated international architecture conferences and symposiums for AIA in Vietnam and Southeast Asia. He is also the founder of LaPerle Architecture, which focuses on designing high-end office buildings and tech factories. Additionally, he teaches and conducts research at Ho Chi Minh City University of Architecture.

Register now to secure your spot!
