---
title: "[R4N/FR] [SPECIAL SESSION] CITY 4.0 FOR FUTURE RESILIENCE"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2022-12-09T08:36:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2022-48.jpg
showImage: true
---
[FR/R4N] [SPECIAL SESSION] CITY 4.0 FOR FUTURE RESILIENCE: TECHNOLOGY AND FUTURE RESILIENCE

Date & Time: 16:45 (UTC +7) |9/12/2022

Avenue: B1 - 302, 279 Nguyễn Tri Phương, Phường 5, Quận 10, TP HCM.

Open to the public

Developing city with the assistance of technology is now a great solution for a resilient future. However, there still are several problems and obstacles before humans can completely acquire those sustainable values. The question is: which exactly those difficulties that we need to face up to are, and will the technology be the key factor for the future resilience.

In order to answer these questions, Special Session: City 4.0 for Future Resilience - a part of 2022 series events A Future Resilience Through Smart City Lens, held during the Event Weeks Ready For Next - will bring to you several perspectives of the mentioned difficulties, as well as the solutions, process from international experts.

Join us now in the special session: “City 4.0 for Future Resilience”.

_____________________

A Future Resilience through Smart City Lens 2022 (FR) is an International Conference, part of the Events Series “Ready for Next: Transforming for Sustainability” organized by UEH in collaboration with other international partners from Dec 04 - 11, 2022. This event series focuses on the connection of Technology with Life, Smart City, Art and Multidisciplinary sustainability, with the aim to bring upward value to the society. These interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary, and transdisciplinary programs occur in various forms, covering contents in many fields, from academics, exchange forums, community connection hubs to artistic and sustainable inspiration activities.

Booklet Ready for Next:

[https://bit.ly/UEH_R4N](https://bit.ly/UEH_R4N?fbclid=IwAR0PXnZg6kjFhxbl58XsLXPmAOMA_N4QwqnXbzmnzbnHKnuFZ03Abqs0KHA)

Everything everywhere all at once (Join online):

[https://event.ueh.edu.vn/](https://event.ueh.edu.vn/?fbclid=IwAR0Z4x4uEmzIm6_PqCiiCN9iqIoZkfNtd_4_lueW5R-3YABLfQB6xuiXytQ)