---
title: "WORKSHOP: GREEN BUILDING"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2022-09-21T08:36:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2022-19.jpg
showImage: true
---
Buildings have extensive direct and indirect impacts on the environment. During their construction, occupancy, renovation, repurposing, and demolition, buildings use energy, water, and raw materials, generate waste, and emit potentially harmful atmospheric emissions. These facts have prompted the creation of green building standards, certifications, and rating systems aimed at mitigating the impact of buildings on the natural environment through sustainable design.

In the A Future Resilience through Smart-City Lens 2022 Event Series, ISCM want to provide our students with the experience and knowledge about Green building standards - EDGE and various construction including shopping malls, and entertainment centers.

ISCM would like to invite you to join the workshop which will be hosted by:

- Dr. Le Thi Ho Vi - Lecturer at University of Architecture Ho Chi Minh City, Section Manager at Phuc Khang Corporation
- M.Arch. Vu Linh Quang - CEO at ARDOR Architects Company
- M.Sc. Do Le Phuc Tam - Lecturer at the Institute of Smart City and Management, UEH College of Technology & Design

Time: 9AM - 11 AM, September 24, 2022

Location: B1.205, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong Street, District 10, Ho Chi Minh City

Free entry

This is really valuable information for ISCM students to go on with their project in the course Studio lab - Commercial construction. Let’s join us!