---
title: "[FR] [SPECIAL SESSION] SMART MOBILITY TOWARD SUSTAINABILITY"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2022-12-09T08:36:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2022-47.jpg
showImage: true
---
DATE & TIME: 09/12/2022  | 3:15 PM (UTC+7)

AVENUE: Room B1-205 | University of Economics HCMC, 279 Nguyễn Tri Phương, Ward 5, District 10, TP HCM

Open to the public

Besides playing a special role in the operating system of a city, Mobility is now targeted to become an element assuring security and sustainability. So, during the process of developing Smart Cities, in what way should mobility, especially Smart Mobility, be schemed to grow and which obstacles need confronting?

As a part of 2022 series event “A Future Resilience through Smart City Lens”, being held in The Events week Ready for Next, Special Session: Smart Mobility toward Sustainability has officially been held in order to answer the mentioned questions.

With the participation of leaders and experts from Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM-CTD-UEH), Thammasat University (Thailand), Cities Link, University of Seoul, Portland State University, with other stakeholders. Special Session: Smart Mobility toward Sustainability will illustrate how intelligent mobility enhances convenience for travelers of all ages and gender, saves lives and reduces the number of accidents, and reduces environmental impacts.

This special session is going to be held on 09/12/2022. Participate now!

_____________________

A Future Resilience through Smart City Lens 2022 (FR) is an International Conference, part of the Events Series “Ready for Next: Transforming for Sustainability” organized by UEH in collaboration with other international partners from Dec 04 - 11, 2022. This event series focuses on the connection of Technology with Life, Smart City, Art and Multidisciplinary sustainability, with the aim to bring upward value to the society. These interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary, and transdisciplinary programs occur in various forms, covering contents in many fields, from academics, exchange forums, community connection hubs to artistic and sustainable inspiration activities.

Booklet Ready for Next: [https://bit.ly/UEH_R4N](https://bit.ly/UEH_R4N?fbclid=IwAR0cVkXZeo0IIc-jlx3GVyJZhCdcpltYtiahFkyJtiovW59-ZMlb5Jd8ZVU)

Everything everywhere all at once (Join online): [https://event.ueh.edu.vn/](https://event.ueh.edu.vn/?fbclid=IwAR3tDgJIfFd0he0Zld5GjHdEO3zbqkrylLZOHAaMjh6BbJMYgk7MtlZbFY4)