---
title: "ANNOUNCEMENT: THE EVENT SERIES READY FOR NEXT - FUTURE RESILIENCE THROUGH SMART CITY LENS IS HAPPENING"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2022-12-08T08:36:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2022-44.jpg
showImage: true
---
Events Series “Ready for Next: Transforming for Sustainability” (R4N) organized by UEH in collaboration with other international partners from Dec 04 - 11, 2022. These interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary, and transdisciplinary programs occur in various forms, covering contents in many fields, from academics, exchange forums, community connection hubs to artistic and sustainable inspiration activities.

One of R4N's key programs, the Conference: A Future Resilience Through Smart City Lens (FR) - has officially started. Opening with the Exhibition: Future Resilience at Campus B, University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City, FR promises to contribute to the week of R4N events with seminars on the journey of technology application towards achieving quality, more sustainable life.

Check it out these programs:

Exhibition: Future Resilience from Dec 7 - 9, 2022 at B1 - 12, UEH campus B, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, District 10.

Special session: City in Metaverse - 9 AM - Dec 9, 22 -  Room B1-302, UEH campus B, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, District 10.

Special session: City 4.0 for Future Resilience - 4.15 PM - Dec 09, 2022 - Room B1-302, UEH campus B, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, District 10.

Special session: 15 Minutes City - 11 AM - Dec 09, 2022 -  Room B1-205, UEH campus B, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, District 10.

Special session: Mobility Intelligent, Sustainable and Safety - 3.15 PM - Dec 09, 12 - Room B1-205, UEH campus B, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, District 10.

Please noted that programs are open to the public. Join us now!

_____________________

A Future Resilience through Smart City Lens 2022 (FR) is an International Conference, part of the Events Series “Ready for Next: Transforming for Sustainability” organized by UEH in collaboration with other international partners from Dec 04 - 11, 2022. This event series focuses on the connection of Technology with Life, Smart City, Art and Multidisciplinary sustainability, with the aim to bring upward value to the society. These interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary, and transdisciplinary programs occur in various forms, covering contents in many fields, from academics, exchange forums, community connection hubs to artistic and sustainable inspiration activities.

Booklet Ready for Next: [https://bit.ly/UEH_R4N](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FUEH_R4N%3Ffbclid%3DIwAR2hPRNcBmWIMk8gwBssnhbvtoIHtVJmOhWETB5vjaONgV6rSnNcSWO7y54&h=AT0-Xjh_snzWv5E6TFQgVLy8akT3r5A0mhaEJfm-yZUzS2-RsFHZc6j8u26YK-JMhK7zjxT0R1pGKb6d2odQCLAcv51ZznOjI0WT8PFBhePcQj5ddCNKuANbNCrW2dbFNT1H&__tn__=-UK-R&c[0]=AT3CwI-hufNN1LXhVw8v5xVKWazDRHdp9LTA8o9pRqULnEmkKCBCo0COOOxSBUL49dY3gf070uugQFC7qJXNvLlrGaQ9jTqFQbC0wYEwBWSQ0RR5jY2q5zddgyKEdOj5wopL6J3MX138tEJsfa5PY0aI7PQDG1EnVwxoihmtiFoVNylJGg)

Everything everywhere all at once (Join online): [https://event.ueh.edu.vn/](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fevent.ueh.edu.vn%2F%3Ffbclid%3DIwAR07gZTiomw1c7IVidjkOVlsYtfIyHm6p8bIZqR2w29_MwRNQlTkErMab1w&h=AT1KWRrRxnu60B3BHEWAt2KdX60P_i8mPkicsemxaRLXi8jR89Ugo6KVG1viSAj-SkPsHwk2PdSFoVUC8xAsCR06IQVxfV5X951ZMu7x8RL3Yj2gLzzReNpmKsGgvezLwsUO&__tn__=-UK-R&c[0]=AT3CwI-hufNN1LXhVw8v5xVKWazDRHdp9LTA8o9pRqULnEmkKCBCo0COOOxSBUL49dY3gf070uugQFC7qJXNvLlrGaQ9jTqFQbC0wYEwBWSQ0RR5jY2q5zddgyKEdOj5wopL6J3MX138tEJsfa5PY0aI7PQDG1EnVwxoihmtiFoVNylJGg)