---
title: "DISCOVERY: NORTH PHUOC THANG ECOLOGICAL URBAN AREA OF VUNG TAU CITY"
publishDate: "2023-08-17T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-41.jpg
showImage: true
---

🌴North Phuoc Thang, the chosen site for the 3rd International Design Competition: Reimagining Cities towards Carbon Neutrality has a beautiful landscape of aquaculture and mangrove ecology. Together with the location in the route connecting the area with main areas such as Ho Chi Minh City, Vung Tau city center, and Ba Ria City, and Long Hai town, North Phuoc Thang has the potential to become a new ecological urban area.

🌴However, it’s necessary to note down that North Phuoc Thang, especially its infrastructure, has still been in its innovation process, with a vision to become new, low-density ecological urban areas, as well as tourist service centers associated with mangroves. Priority is given to the land fund for the conservation and restoration of mangrove ecosystems in combination with research, discovery, and experience of tourism exploitation.

Another challenge for our competitors is to develop a total solution to prevent, minimize and overcome impacts and risks in the process of planning implementation of North Phuoc Thang. Detailed information about this promising area has been provided in the data package sent after successful registration.

🍀Analyze the given data carefully, and don’t forget to let your imagination be free to join the process to bring North Phuoc Thang to its stage of being an ecological urban area.

—-------------------------

🌱Discover more about the competition: https://bit.ly/ISCM_BroComp2023

🌳Confidently step up on stage and show your ability to solve the international challenges now at: https://bit.ly/comp23register .

🍃Please kindly note that competitors must register successfully to be validated. We recommend early registration to receive detailed challenge guidelines and data packages sooner. Don't wait, register now.




