---
title: "CLIMATE STORY WORKSHOP: EXPLORING THE INTERSECTION OF ARTS, SCIENCE, AND TECHNOLOGY"
publishDate: "2023-09-06T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-48.png
showImage: true
---

Recently, on September 6, 2023, Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), in collaboration with UK audiovisual artist collective D-Fuse and Vietnam creative studio Phố Bên Đồi, cordially invites you to join the bilingual workshop “Climate story”. This is a workshop under the UK/Viet Nam Season 2023 Collaboration Grants.

Throughout the full-day workshop, the participants will dive into discussions, ethnographic storytelling, and data collection, as well as gain insights into D-Fuse projects like excerpts of Nine Earths and Respira-trees within the local and global context.

Mentioned the Nine Earths movie, participants watched excerpts from the movie "Nine Earths" together. Nine Earths is a highly interactive environmental documentary that explores the relationship between everyday events and humanity's excessive demand for Earth's resources.

Globally, we are consuming 1.7 planets worth of resources every year. Human demand for geological resources and ecological services has transcended planetary boundaries and the limits of the environment in which humanity can safely live. “Nine Earths” empowered people to engage in conversations about environmental issues. By recording or filming each individual's diary and lifestyle to correlate the consumption and lifestyle of people around the globe.

Initiated by the British Council for COP26, the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference, the first edition of the project has been delivered in the form of a series of live events and screenings. “Nine Earths” is an ongoing research project that takes on a variety of formats including workshops, experiments and interactive installations.

With these activities, the workshop aims to improve knowledge and better understand how consumption and daily habits impact the environment.

---------------
