---
title: "CONVOCATION CEREMONY OF MASTER OF SMART CITY AND INNOVATION MANAGEMENT FOR KHANH HOA PROVINCE"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-04-08T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-15.jpg
showImage: true
---
On April 8th, 2023, the Convocation ceremony of the Master of Smart City and Innovation Management course for the officials working at many departments of Khanh Hoa Province was held successfully. This is a step in the process toward improving and training Human Resources, one of the key factors for Nha Trang City to become a municipal city, as well as achieve digital transformation in 2030.

Attend the opening ceremony, from the University of Economics HCMC (UEH), there is Prof. Su Dinh Thanh - President of UEH, Dr. Bui Quang Hung - Vice President of UEH, Assoc.Prof. Phan Thi Bich Nguyet - Chairwoman of UEH Advisory Council, Assoc.Prof. Ho Viet Tiet - Director of UEH Graduate School, Dr. Trinh Tu Anh - Director of the Institute of Smart Cities and Management as well as other lecturers.

On behalf of Khanh Hoa Province, there is Mr. Dinh Van Thieu - Vice-chairman of People’s committee of Khanh Hoa Province, Dr. Tran Viet Thien - Vice-president of Khanh Hoa University, Dr. Le Thi My Binh - Chairwoman of Khanh Hoa University, along with 38 students who are cadres, civil servants and public employees, who have passed the entrance exam for master program of University of Economics HCMC.

With the Master of Smart City and Innovation Management course, learners will be trained and practice their skills to master the areas of management, science and technology regarding integrated solutions in urban planning and design for smart city, from that applied to the recent and future situation. We believe that learners can excellently complete this course.

Now, let us rewind some precious moments from this ceremony.

—------------

For further information, please contact:

Institute of Smart City and Management

232/6 Vo Thi Sau Street, Vo Thi Sau Ward, District 3, HCMC

028 3930 9589

iscm@ueh.edu.vn

https://iscm.ueh.edu.vn/

https://www.linkedin.com/company/68028770

https://www.youtube.com/c/InstituteofSmartCityandManagement