---
title: "INSTITUTE OF SMART CITY AND MANAGEMENT ORGANIZE ORIENTATION DAY 2023: DESIGN YOUR UTOPIA WELCOME NEW STUDENTS OF THE BACHELOR OF ARCHITECTURAL AND URBAN DESIGN INCLUSIVE SMART CITY PROGRAM"
publishDate: "2023-09-24T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-50.jpg
showImage: true
---

The traditional first year festival of students of the Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM) - Ho Chi Minh City University of Economics (UEH) has officially returned, welcoming the youngest student of class 49 to the Architecture and Design program Smart Urban. This year, the festival has the theme DESIGN YOUR UTOPIA, aiming to inspire students to confidently engage and unleash their creativity in the journey of creating a happy and sustainable city.

As one of 8 technology and design programs that anticipate future career trends at UEH, the Smart Architecture and Urban Design program has received the attention and registration of parents and students of schools. High schools across the country. With advantages ranging from advanced curriculum, international standards to modern facilities and a dynamic learning environment, the program is a solid launching pad for passion in the field of Architecture or Design. Smart City of pioneering and energetic young people.


This year, the Institute of Smart Cities and Management will welcome 108 high school students from North to South, divided into 2 classes for the standard program and the partial English program. This year, in general, the benchmark scores in the methods of Architecture and Smart Urban Design increased, respectively 50.00 for mode 3, 53.00 for mode 4, 810.00 for Capacity Assessment method, and 24.63 for the method of considering national high school scores in blocks A00, A01, D01 and V00.

In the near future, you will officially enter an unexpected creative journey, aiming to create a smart and sustainable city, with "global thinking and local action" learned and practiced regularly. throughout the learning process. To create conditions for K49 to be more ready on this journey, the Institute of Smart Cities and Management will organize an Orientation Day on the first week of K49's enrollment. This is an annual program for students majoring in Smart Urban Design and Architecture, hosted by the Institute of Smart Urbanism and Management (ISCM), UEH School of Technology and Design (CTD). 


This year, in addition to the main goal of providing information and answering students' questions about programs and learning activities, Orientation Day: Design your Utopia also promises to bring activities aimed at The goal is to inspire and connect generations of learners (K47, K48, K49) and ISCM instructors together. With the foundations gained from the Orientation Festival, ISCM students will no longer be confused and will be more confident to be ready to commit and take the lead on the journey to create a UTOPIA of their own.

Orientation Day: Design your Utopia will have the participation of experts, professors, lecturers, visiting lecturers and ISCM team members, along with more than 300 students from Courses 47, 48 and Course 49 in Architecture and Smart Urban Design. In particular, besides the introduction and guidance of lecturers and previous seniors, K49 also received help and answers to familiar questions from the two characters Sunny and Rain. Appearing for the first time along with many other undisclosed surprises, Sunny and Rain are representatives for the youngest K49, helping to guide you through the first steps on the Design your Utopia journey.

The program will take place throughout Sunday, September 24, 2023, at campus B of Ho Chi Minh City University of Economics (279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, Ward 5, District 10) with activities associated with The proposed goals and details are as follows:

|NO |     TIME     |ACTIVITY |LOCATION|
|:-:|:-----------:|:-------:|:------:|
| 1 |8:30 - 9:30  |**Team BAUD’s information** <br/> Know ISCM, understand BAUD. <br/> How to collect training points well? Study abroad with Dual Degree program|B2-216|
| 2 |9:30 - 11:30 |**From A to Z, class is alphabest** <br/> Classmate, who are you? Know about tutor and advisory lecturers. We suddenly head over heels over our class.|B2-216 and B2-215|
| 3 |11:30 - 13:00|**Lunch** <br/> Group division and have lunch with tutor and ISCM lecturers.||
| 4 |13:00 - 15:00|**Bustling afternoon** <br/> Projects flexing corner: exhibition projects of Batch 47, and Batch 48; <br/> Say hi to Batch 49: activities together with senior students; <br/> Ride a bike version ISCM: experience Route2School project|Main hall B1|
| 5 |15:00 - 16:30|**Team building:** <br/> Campus B discovery: stairs or elevators, which will be faster?||
| 6 |16:30 - 17:30|Light meal, get ready for “blue carpet” night||
| 7 |17:30 - 21:00|**Welcome event:** Design your Utopia|Hall B1.302|

Along with attractive activities and gifts, Orientation Day: Design your UTOPIA promises to be an opportunity not only for K49 to better understand the field of study they will pursue, but also for K47 and K48 students. Looking back at the journey I have gone through, as well as having more motivation to continue pursuing my studies. Therefore, what are you waiting for, students of the Smart Architecture and Urban Design team, quickly take note of this special appointment today!

Note: Participating students will have their student codes updated on the UEH Youth barcode system. This is an important activity at the beginning of the year, students of courses 47 and 48 need to be present at the evening Talk Show of the program.