---
title: "OPEN FOR REGISTRATION | DESIGN COMPETITION: YOUR STUDIO BOOKLET 2023-2024"
publishDate: "2023-08-10T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-36.jpg
showImage: true
---
Providing an environment where students can express your personality, affirm their creativity and give them the opportunity to achieve the mentioned goals, the Design Competition with the theme "Your Booklet Studio" is officially opened for registration. The competition is organised by the Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), and the School of Media Design (SMD) - UEH College of Technology and Design.

►TARGET PARTICIPANTS:

Students of Architectural and Urban Design Inclusive Smart City, students of Digital Communication and Media Design, and students of University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City;

Students from universities in Ho Chi Minh City.

►CONTENT:

The contest has 2 rounds:

Round 1 (10/08/2023 to 10/9/2023): Design the covers and spines of a set of 5 project/subject booklets. The 10 projects with the highest scores will be selected for round 2.

Round 2 (From 3/09/2023 to 25/09/2023): Design the complete product with the contents of a booklet and guidelines.

► RULES:

Number of participants of each groups: from 1 to 3 students

Find out more about the contest at: https://bit.ly/yourstudiobooklet

Register link: https://forms.gle/UGBTam8huVuYF6qZ7

Registration deadline: 23:59 | 10/09/2023

👉 After successful registration, you will receive a data package with detailed instructions from organizers.

👉 A great chance to bring your design into real life. Register now.