---
title: "INTERNATIONAL SUMMER COURSE URBAN BEYOND THE URBAN IN BANGKOK, THAILAND: UNDERSTANDING LOCAL TOURISM AND SUSTAINABLE MOBILITY THROUGH RESEARCH AND EXPERIENCE."
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-07-30T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-38.jpg
showImage: true
---
INTERNATIONAL SUMMER COURSE URBAN BEYOND THE URBAN IN BANGKOK, THAILAND: UNDERSTANDING LOCAL TOURISM AND SUSTAINABLE MOBILITY THROUGH RESEARCH AND EXPERIENCE.

After Nha Trang coastal city, this year's International Summer Course Urban Beyond the Urban officially continued to "land" at "Venice of the Orient" - Bangkok, Thailand. The summer course had the participation of professors, experts and students from the Institute of Smart City and Management, University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City (UEH-ISCM), Handong Global University (Korea), Thammasat University, and Rajamangala University of Technology Thanyaburi (Thailand).

🤓 Coming to Bangkok, the summer camp program revolved around the theme of Local Tourism and Sustainable Mobility, with professors, and experts' lectures from the universities, and especially a meeting with the staffs of the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration (BMA) at Bangkok City Hall. This is an opportunity for student groups to directly approach as well as understand the connection and impact of smart mobility to the local economy and tourism.

🥳 Besides, during nearly 7 days of participating in the course, the students got together and participated in activities to experience cultural destinations, and especially the diverse public transport system of the city. These experiences not only provide practical data for the students to tackle the challenge of the Summer Camp, but also an opportunity to connect students from many countries, explore and develop their thinking, skills, ready to apply in the process of studying and working in the future.

👏 Now, let's take a look back at beautiful moments during our recent International Summer Course Urban Beyond the Urban: Local Tourism and Sustainable Mobility in Bangkok, ThaiLand!

