---
title: "INFORMATION DAY FOR BACHELOR DUAL-DEGREE PROGRAM"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-03-18T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-09-2.jpg
showImage: true
---
Listen to sharing from experts and lecturers about a special collaboration program between the University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City and the University of Auckland, New Zealand - International bachelor dual-degree: Bachelor of Architectural and Urban Design inclusive Smart City and Bachelor of Architecture.

Understand about University of Auckland - World Top 87 University, according to QS Ranking 2023.

Find out about Auckland the Smart City - one of the top three cities in the world in life quality (according to Mercer).

This Saturday, you are invited to ISCM’s information day about the international bachelor dual-degree program. It is time for you to break out, catch up with the dual-degree studying trend, and access the opportunity to participate in the program of Bachelor of Architectural and Urban Design inclusive Smart City in UEH, with the final target is to acquiring two degrees from UEH and UoA after finish the study program.

Information:

Time & date: 9:00 (UTC+07:00) | Saturday, 18/03/2023

Avenue: Room No. V03, Campus V, 232/6 Vo Thi Sau, District 3, HCMC

With the participation of:

+ Jerry He - Associate Director, Innovative Business Solutions, UOA

+ Dr. Trinh Tu Anh – Director, Institute of Smart City and Management, UEH

+ MSc. Tran Thi Quynh Mai - Director of the Bachelor Program, Institute of Smart City and Management, UEH

+ MSc. Đỗ Lê Phúc Tâm – Lecturer, Institute of Smart City and Management, UEH

Don’t forget to get ready and come to our special day!

—-----------------------

Finding out more about:

International bachelor dual-degree - Architecture and Architectural and Urban Design inclusive Smart City:

https://www.iscm.ueh.edu.vn/course.../bachelor-01/

Bachelor of Architectural and Urban Design inclusive Smart City:

https://www.iscm.ueh.edu.vn/course.../bachelor-joint/

—------------

For further information, please contact:

Institute of Smart City and Management

232/6 Vo Thi Sau Street, Vo Thi Sau Ward, District 3, HCMC

028 3930 9589