---
title: "OPEN FOR REGISTRATION | DEMO CLASS: FROM DREAM TO LIFE - BACHELOR OF ARCHITECTURAL AND URBAN DESIGN INCLUSIVE SMART CITY PROGRAM"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-03-26T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-10.png
showImage: true
---
OPEN FOR REGISTRATION | DEMO CLASS: FROM DREAM TO LIFE - BACHELOR OF ARCHITECTURAL AND URBAN DESIGN INCLUSIVE SMART CITY PROGRAM

The Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM) warmly invite parents, students or people taking interest in the University program from ISCM to participate in a special event “Demo class: from dream to life” organized by Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM). This is our brand new event, held on 26/02/2023.

This event is organized in order to give the future generation of ISCM learners the opportunity to explore diverse perspectives of studying in ISCM, from which they can take the very first step in their journey of managing their own future.

At the event, you will have a chance to become an ISCM student, experience the study environment at UEH, ISCM; attend demo class, participate in technology projects, and learn about ISCM’s student life, etc.

Program Information:

✨Time: 8am - 11am, March 26, 2023

✨ Location: UEH campus B, 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong, District 10, City. Ho Chi Minh City

✨ Registration link: https://bit.ly/iscmdemoclass23

*Registrations are limited and will close when full. Detailed content of participation instructions will be sent via email and phone number registered in the form.

✨ The program is free to attend.

Experience is the best way to choose a “dream” program. Sign up for our demo class now!

#ISCM #UEH #LopHocThu2023 #BAUD

—------------

🔰 For further information, please contact:

Institute of Smart City and Management

📬232/6 Vo Thi Sau Street, Vo Thi Sau Ward, District 3, HCMC

📞028. 3930 9589

📩 iscm@ueh.edu.vn