---
title: "WORKSHOP URBAN SKETCH TẠI NHÀ HÁT THÀNH PHỐ VÀ CHỢ BẾN THÀNH, TP. HỒ CHÍ MINH"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-02-12T08:36:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-07-1.jpg
showImage: true
---
WRITTEN BY AI (BETA) | [RECAP] WORKSHOP: URBAN SKETCH AT CITY THEATER & BEN THANH MARKET, HCMC

In the last two days 12 & 13, [UEH - Institute of Smart City and Management](https://www.facebook.com/ISCM.UEH?__cft__[0]=AZVJMp0rqjkrEBiBdaAFqvA_6zeyWOV47RT-9ux5QS63HSYvj1czbdBr2a5BOK1lB1FUs-AoGLQNaBeiyzezP5SGzFozvgvk6Z_J6RJp3bNx-bDFdRV5gevcY28KctLAHxj-MQ3f2w5B7sx7jC4qmtBAEgIZFGycWxIMY9qQH8pNI0fljoKnYhVQk3NcD8aHilk&__tn__=-]K-R) (ISCM - UEH), in collaboration with Urban Sketchers Vietnam, organized Workshop: Urban Sketch - an open activity of the event series in 2023 of ISCM with the theme: “Design for Carbon Neutrality Future”.

This event attracted the participation of more than 100 students from many universities such as the University of Economics HCMC, HCMC University of Science of Technology, Ton Duc Thang University, Nguyen Tat Thanh University and many other people interested in sketching.

A special aspect of this event is the appearance of several experts with much experience in sketching. ISCM believes that with the introduction from the experts and the observation and experience gained from the activities, Workshop: Urban Sketch brought the students many new perspectives and knowledge about HCMC. In the future, students can integrate those values to develop a Smart City by harmonizing cultural beauty and technology.

ISCM wants to sincerely thank Urban Sketchers Vietnam and other partners, and university students for coming and participating in the Workshop: Urban Sketch. Hope that we will have many more chances to meet up in the future.

Now, let us rewind the memorable photos from Workshop: Urban Sketch!

—---------

Written by: Notion AI

Translated & edited: ISCM Team