---
title: "UK/Vietnam Season 2023 | D-FUSE workshop"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-01-05T08:36:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-01.jpg
showImage: true
---
On their visit to Vietnam following the scoping grant by the British Council, D-Fuse would like to give a talk about their work. The talks will be coordinated and promoted by The Center for Assistance and Development of Movie Talents (TPD) and Phố Bên Đồi creative studio. Two environmental projects will be introduced, which are Nine Earths and Respira-Trees. The goal is twofold: for Vietnamese audiences who concern about environment, climate change and documentary filmmaking, and D-Fuse to find cooperation opportunities and apply for UK/Vietnam Season 2023 Collaboration Grants.

—

Time: 18:30 - 20:00, Jan 13

Venue: ISCM Studiolab, 232/6 Vo Thi Sau, Ward 7, Distc.3, HCMC

Main speakers: Mike Faulkner and Kevin Walker

Host speaker: Mr. Thinh Pham - Founder STEMax

Organizer: Phố Bên Đồi

Partners: ISCM, STEMax

—

18:00 – 18:30: Check in ISCM Studiolab – Teabreak – Networking

18:30 – 18:45: Introduction from Phố Bên Đồi, ISCM, STEMax

18:45 – 19:45: Introduction from D-FUSE & Nine Earths & Respira-Trees

19:45 – 20: 45: Q&A session

20:45 – 21:00: Group Photo and Farewell

—

D-Fuse

D-Fuse is a collective of audiovisual innovators working with environmental storytelling. Founded by neurodivergent artist Mike Faulkner in the mid-1990s, D-Fuse works across a range of media and art forms, including immersive installations, experimental film, live AV performances. Recognised as pioneers of VJ-ing and early adopters of new technologies, D-Fuse has collaborated with researchers, institutions, and musicians, including Immersive Media Lab/USC, Recombinant Media Labs, Cranbrook Academy of Art, Steve Reich, Beck, Hauschka, Scanner, and Swayzak, among others. Selected exhibitions and screenings include: COP27 (2022), Sonar Lisboa (2022), British Film Institute (2021), San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (2005), Tribeca Film Festival (2007), Prix Ars Electronica (2009), Moscow Architectural Biennale (2010), and Mori Art Museum, Japan (2008), among others.

TPD

The Center for Assistance and Development of Movie Talents (TPD) is the first professional and non-profit center dedicate to organizing short-term training courses, sponsorship program and provide support for young filmmakers, and film activities for the community.

Besides, TPD Center is also a producer and co-producer of many feature films and documentaries, long and short, which have been selected and awarded at national and international film festivals.

Phố Bên Đồi

Established in 2016, Phố Bên Đồi is a start-up in the cultural and creative industry, with the aim to pursue the SDGs (sustainable development goals) by the United Nations (UN). Through multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary community art projects already completed, such as the art exhibition at the Cau Dat ancient tea factory in 2018, the public art project Doc Nha Lang - Into Art Hill in 2019, the opening of Pho Ben Doi Creative Studio - a new Dalat - based art & culture space in 2021, ArtTech Fusion programs in partnership with Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), STEAM programs in partnership with STEMax, and other creative projects, our platform aims to connect resources in the community to develop the brand “Dalat – The City of Arts.”

Through contemporary art forms, technology, community and tourism activities, Phố Bên Đồi encourages the public to raise awareness about urban conservation, environmental protection and sustainable development.

ISCM

The Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM) is a research institute belonging to the UEH College of Technology And Design (CTD), focusing on Smart City strategies–how technology can be a problem-solving instrument in a rapidly changing and unpredictable world. Research and education activities are fundamentally formulated based on the concept of integration of frontier design, planning, technological, engineering applications, and modeling.

ISCM facilitates partnerships by building extensive local and international networks among research organizations, government authorities, companies, and communities. With a highly motivated and dynamic team that includes professors, experts, and researchers from different backgrounds, generations, and nationalities, we strive to create collective efforts to enhance our cities' smartness, resilience, and sustainability.

STEMax

STEMax is an education agency focus on STEM (Science – Technology – Engineering and Math) learning programs that aim to develop our learners the competency in solving problems as well as narrowing the gaps between learning and future careers in STEM.

STEMax is now the very first coordinator of CREST Awards (a STEM UK progamme) in Viet Nam and recently collaborating with Exscitec and BSA (British Science Association) to manage and run the program in Viet Nam.