---
title: "OPEN FOR REGISTRATION | FROM UNLEASH THE UNIQUENESS TO CONTRIBUTE POSITIVELY TO THE COMMUNITY WITH INTERNATIONAL PROJECT: ENHANCE QUALITY OF LIFE IN HCMC WITH ART AND DESIGN"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-05-30T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-26.jpg
showImage: true
---
OPEN FOR REGISTRATION | FROM UNLEASH THE UNIQUENESS TO CONTRIBUTE POSITIVELY TO THE COMMUNITY WITH INTERNATIONAL PROJECT: ENHANCE QUALITY OF LIFE IN HCMC WITH ART AND DESIGN

Pioneer, creativity, unleashing of the unique and positive contribution to the community is what we - Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), and School of Media Design (SMD) from College of Technology and Design UEH (UEH-CTD) together with National Yunlin University of Science and Technology (YunTech) - look for through the International Project: “Enhance quality of life in HCMC with Art and Design”.

🌳Time: 03-16/07/2023

🌳Avenue: UEH Campus B - 279 Nguyen Tri Phuong Street, Ward 5, District 10

🌳Participant: Students from School of Media Design (SMD), Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), National Yunlin University of Science and Technology.

🌳Registration link: https://forms.gle/82mBRXMsyAUzAW2q7

The International Project: “Enhance quality of life in HCMC with Art and Design” is a part of the MOU of YunTech (Taiwan) and UEH-CTD (Vietnam). The program is designed to explore creativity as well as develop the ability of students through the project that brings value to the community and to HCMC in particular.

Additionally, the project is also the international base where students share their knowledge and experiences through three main research projects:

Graphic design for advertising, communication, marketing, community projects, and cities with a view to increasing community awareness about the quality of life.
Implementing integrated communication strategies to attract the attention of businesses, communities, and society to build the quality of life for sustainable city development.
Place Making:
Create solutions and illustrate space

Illustrate the nature of space transformation

Design and create positive impacts on the environment, economy and culture.

🏃 It’s one hundred and four days for the summer vacation until school comes to end it, so why don’t we participate in the International Project: “Enhance life quality in HCMC with Art and Design” and together with ISCM, SMD, and YunTech to explore ourselves and depict a meaningful summer.