---
title: "[RECAP] CAREER GUIDANCE & ADMISSIONS FESTIVAL 26/02/2023 : ARCHITECTURE IS NOT THAT HARD, SINCE HERE COMES ISCM"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-02-26T08:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-08-1.jpg
showImage: true
---
[RECAP] CAREER GUIDANCE & ADMISSIONS FESTIVAL 26/02/2023 : ARCHITECTURE IS NOT THAT HARD, SINCE HERE COMES ISCM

Last Sunday, many people were drawn to the Career Guidance and Admissions Festival 2023 organized by Tuoi Tre Newspaper at Ho Chi Minh University of Technology. Here, ISCM attracted not only parents and students but also teachers from many high schools who wanted to know more about the Bachelor of Architectural and Urban Design Inclusive Smart City study program.

This year, besides the fascinating comeback of the 3D Printing Machine, ISCM also brought to the festival models constructed by ISCM students, which enable the visitors to interact as well as be the most evident proof of the learners’ unlimited creativity mindset. These special appearances have stimulated many high schoolers' and university students’ curiosity about how construction-related factors and technology are combined and how the learners apply them to their studies. They have a clearer perspective on the Bachelor of Architectural and Urban Design Inclusive Smart City program at the HCMC University of Economics (UEH).

ISCM Team would like to sincerely thank you for being interested, and coming to find out about the Bachelor of Architectural and Urban Design Inclusive Smart City program (BAUD) at the Career Guidance and Admissions Festival 2023. We hope to become your accompany in your next journey to conquer knowledge and together we #shapingtheunknownfuture .

Now, let us rewind our most memorable moments from the festivals! And don’t forget the next meeting between you and ISCM at the Career Guidance and Admissions Festival held at Can Tho University this Sunday (05/03/2023)!

—--------------

For further information, please contact:

Institute of Smart City and Management

232/6 Vo Thi Sau Street, Vo Thi Sau Ward, District 3, HCMC

028. 3930 9589