---
title: "OPEN FOR REGISTRATION | LAUNCH EVENT - 3RD INTERNATIONAL DESIGN COMPETITION: REIMAGINING CITIES TOWARDS CARBON NEUTRALITY"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-04-03T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-11.jpg
showImage: true
---
Following urbanization, many urban problems happened. Climate change has negatively affected the whole world, and VietNam is one of the countries that has been greatly influenced by that negative climate phenomenon. In order to take action on those problems, Carbon Neutrality has become a popular solution.

With the topic Reimagining Cities Towards Carbon Neutrality, the 3rd International Design Competition is our hope to promote and call for stakeholders to participate in contributing ideas, and solutions integrated with design architecture, technology,... along with the logical studies on local culture, globalization, adaptability and visions of future environment towards positive carbon changes in a larger scale.

ISCM would like to invite you to participate in the Launch Event - 3rd International Design Competition: Reimagining Cities Towards Carbon Neutrality, which is co-organized by UEH University, Vung Tau City Authority and other national and international partners and sponsors.

Event Information:

Date & Time: 3rd April, 2023 | 2:00 pm (UTC+07:00)

Hybrid And Offline: B1.204 - UEH Campus B, 279 Nguyễn Tri Phương, District 10, HCMC

Register form (Online): https://forms.gle/oDm1GS3LNTdRDPaCA

After the two successful international competitions in 2020 and 2021, the competition is ISCM and partners’ continuous effort to promote Sustainable Urban Design. This is part of the 2023 Event Series “Design for Carbon Neutrality Future” of the University of Economics, HCMC (UEH), held by the Institute of Smart city and Management (ISCM).

This event is promised to be an occasion for sharing, exchanging, and studying with other organizations and individuals who have the same interest and are toward developing Carbon Neutrality, for a smart and worth-living city. Register now!

#CarbonNeutrality #ReimaginingCities #DesignCompetition #Webinar #UEH #ISCM #CTD

—---------------

🔰 For further information, please contact:

Institute of Smart City and Management

📬232/6 Vo Thi Sau Street, Vo Thi Sau Ward, District 3, HCMC

📞028. 3930 9589

📩 iscm@ueh.edu.vn