---
title: "ROUTE2SCHOOL VIRTUAL REALITY CYCLING AT AI4VN 2023"
publishDate: "2023-09-21T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-49.jpg
showImage: true
---

On September 21-22, University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City (UEH) participated in the AI Expo exhibition, within the Vietnam Artificial Intelligence Festival (AI4VN 2023). During this event, UEH displayed a number of unique products and projects with the theme "Computers and Technology: not going alone".

One of the projects exhibited is R2S VR Cycling. This is a breakthrough in the field of traffic safety education, being developed within the framework of a research project of the Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), College of Technology and Design UEH.

Using virtual reality technology (VR), R2S VR Cycling provides an advanced and engaging learning method for high school students in Ho Chi Minh City by creating a virtual environment to simulate real-life traffic situations, helping students experience safe and easy-to-control traffic. From there, they can master traffic rules, develop observation skills, evaluate and handle situations. The project aims to contribute to creating a knowledgeable, healthy and safe future generation.

Besides R2S VR Cycling, other unique products such as the virtual piano GrandAR Piano and the piano playing robot using artificial intelligence (AI) are products developed by UEH and its partners that have also received high praise from visitors.


---------------
