---
title: "CARBON NEUTRALITY: A CONCEPT TO FOLLOW IN REIMAGINING CITIES PROCESS"
publishDate: "2023-07-15T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-47.png
showImage: true
---

Occupied a certain portion in the criteria of the 3rd International Design Competition, Carbon Neutrality is demonstrated as the balance between emitting carbon and absorbing carbon from the atmosphere in carbon sinks [1]- which is described as any system that absorbs more carbon than it releases, for example forests, oceans and soil. [2]

The overload of Carbon Dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere is one of the main reasons for global warming, affecting the sustainable development process. How matter what this fact is, Carbon Dioxide is still released on a daily basis, from both natural and mainly human activities in many fields [3]. This somewhat called a carbon source - anything that releases more carbon into the atmosphere than it absorbs. [2]

There are many ways to achieve this important target. In Architectural and Urban Design fields, Carbon Neutrality can possibly be achieved through the applications of techniques or technologies, including renewable energy, recycled materials or increasing public transport, more park construction, etc. In the world, there are many successful cases about this, which shall be mentioned in later posts.

Posing as a chance to creatively reimagine cities towards a sustainable future, especially achieving Carbon Neutrality, the 3rd International Competition calls for university students all around the world. Step in and name yourselves in the list of contributions to the resilient world, register now!

—------------

🌱Discover more about the competition: https://bit.ly/ISCM_BroComp2023

🌳Confidently step up on stage and show your ability to solve international challenges now at: https://bit.ly/comp23register.

☘️ Registration Deadline: 15/09/2023

☘️ Submission Deadline: 15/10/2023

🍃Please kindly note that competitors must register successfully to be validated. We recommend early registration to receive detailed challenge guidelines and data packages sooner. Don't wait, register now.