---
title: "KEYNOTE SPEAKERS ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE 1ST REGIONAL CONFERENCE: SOUTH EAST ASIAN URBANISMS TO ADDRESS GLOBAL WARMING"
author: ISCM
publishDate: "2023-05-30T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-23.jpg
showImage: true
---
🌳 Date: 8AM - May 30, 2023

🌳 Venues: Main Lecture Hall, the University of Economics HCMC (UEH), 59C Nguyen Dinh Chieu, Vo Thi Sau Ward, District 3, HCMC

🌳 This event is open to all.

—------------

Co-organized by the International Center of Urbanisms: Settlements & Environments (ICoU), Department of Architecture, KU Leuven University; the University of Architecture HCMC (UAH), and the Institute of Smart City & Management, College of Technology and Design (UEH-CTD/ISCM), the 1st Regional Conference: SE Asian Urbanisms to address Global Warming will critically examine the challenges and opportunities of contemporary Southeast Asian urbanism.

On the second day of the conference, we are honored to have the attendance of several renowned professors and experts from universities, organizations, etc., who are leaders and pioneers in their field, and some will share their perspectives during the conference.

Our keynote speakers include:

🌲Arch. Prof. Tay Kheng Soon - a renowned architect and Adjunct Professor at the National University of Singapore. He is a pioneer in urban planning, having contributed to Singapore’s development through his work with the Singapore Planning and Urban Research Group. He has received numerous accolades, including the SIA Gold Medal and the International Passive Low Energy Architecture prize. His innovative concepts, such as the Tropical City Concept, Rubanisation, and the Modular City Concept, have made a significant impact on urban planning. As a Fellow of the World Academy of Art and Science, he continues to explore the policy implications of knowledge.

In his writing “New Architecture, New Civilisation?”, he challenges architects and urban planners to break free from Western-dominated tastes and rediscover aesthetics as a means of re-humanizing humanity.

🌲Arch. Dr. Terdsak Tachakitkachorn is a leading architect and researcher at Chulalongkorn University in Thailand. With a Ph.D. from Kobe University, his expertise includes revitalizing old towns and communities, designing and constructing new vernacular buildings, and promoting sustainable smart living. Since 1997, Terdsak has conducted groundbreaking research on settlement morphology in the Chaophraya Lower Delta. He has introduced innovative solutions such as low-cost local flood mapping and bamboo floating houses. His work has led to a new approach to sustainable Deltaic settlement revitalization through bottom-up collaboration and applied-art production based on the Gunma model in Japan.

🌲Arch. Eko Prawoto - lecturer in the Faculty of Architecture and Design at Duta Wacana Christian University and founder of Eko Prawoto Architecture Workshop. He works mostly on small-scale projects such as private houses, art galleries, or community facilities, as well as doing art installations or community art projects in various countries. To him, Architecture is a means to maintain the spirit of togetherness of the community and living harmony with Nature, and he has conducted surveys about the survival of rural culture.

Join us to approach their insights and perspectives on Southeast Asia urbanism and be part of shaping resilient cities and settlements at 8 AM, 30th May 2023.