---
title: "PARTNERSHIP NEWS | MEETING BETWEEN CHULALONGKORN UNIVERSITY (THAILAND) AND INSTITUTE OF SMART CITY AND MANAGEMENT - UEH COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY AND DESIGN (ISCM)"
publishDate: "2023-08-03T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-34.png
showImage: true
---
On Thursday, August 3, 2023, the Faculty of Architecture at Chulalongkorn University hosted a meeting to foster academic and research collaboration with the Institute of Smart City and Management, UEH College of Technology and Design (UEH-CTD-ISCM).

The meeting had the attendance of Dr. Tu Anh Trinh, Director of Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), M.Sc. Hai Hoang, Lecturer of ISCM, and Dr. Ducksu Seo, Dean of the Department of Spatial Environment System Engineering from Handong Global University. From Chulalongkorn University, the meeting had the attendance of Assistant Professor Sarayut Supsook - Dean of the Faculty of Architecture, and Assistant Professor Saranya Siangarom - Deputy Dean of the Faculty of Architecture.

Overall, the meeting is a stepping stone to establish a strong academic partnership between the Faculty of Architecture - Chulalongkorn University and ISCM. Together, the representatives engaged in productive discussions to explore opportunities for joint activities, research projects, and curriculum development between the institutions. This promises exciting opportunities for mutual growth and advancement in the field of architecture and spatial environment systems.