---
title: "PARTNERSHIP NEWS | MEETING BETWEEN INSTITUTE OF SMART CITY AND MANAGEMENT - UEH COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY AND DESIGN (ISCM), HANDONG GLOBAL UNIVERSITY (KOREA), AND THAMMASAT UNIVERSITY (THAILAND)"
publishDate: "2023-08-04T00:00:00.000Z"
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
description: "" 
location: "ISCM - HCMC"
image: /images/events/event-2023-35.jpg
showImage: true
---
On Friday, August 4, 2023, amidst the International Summer Course "Urban Beyond the Urban" held in Bangkok, representatives of the Institute of Smart City and Management - UEH College of Technology and Design (ISCM), Handong Global University (Korea), and Faculty of Architecture and Urban Planning - Thammasat University (Thailand), had a meeting and discussion around shaping the future of smart cities and urban planning, aligning with shared vision of sustainable and innovative urban development.

The meeting had the attendance of Dr. Tu Anh Trinh, Director of Institute of Smart City and Management (ISCM), M.Sc. Hai Hoang, Lecturer of ISCM, and Dr. Ducksu Seo, Dean of the Department of Spatial Environment System Engineering from Handong Global University. From Thammasat University, the meeting had the attendance of Assistant Professor Asan Suwanarit - Dean of the Faculty of Architecture and Urban Planning, and Prof. Pawinee Iamtrakul - Director of Center of Excellence, UMRI.

Throughout the meeting, the parties expressed their expectation for the opportunities to jointly work on initiatives that can transform the urban landscape. Through a combination of strengths and available resources, the representatives believe that the strong partnership between the three educational institutions will contribute to accelerating the urban planning process, as well as achieving the target of a smart and sustainable city.

It can be concluded that the meeting has strengthened the long-term and effective cooperation between the ISCM, Handong Global University and Thammasat University.